+++
categories = []
date = "2019-07-07T22:00:00+00:00"
image = "/517868_04.jpg"
tags = ["fun"]
title = "Perhaps"

+++
The Modern Alternatives Many modern alternatives often incorporate humor or other content that actually detracts from the primary purpose of filler text: to be unobtrusive, yet provide the feel, look, and texture of filler text. Our advice: use filler text that has been edited for length and format to match the characteristics of real content as closely as possible To avoid creating a distraction, when starting a new design project, we always go back to one of the old mainstays: lorem ipsum or li Europan lingues. Both have realistic-looking sentence structure and word shape, but are foreign languages that won’t create a distraction during a design review meeting. The Argument Against Filler Text If you’re thinking that filler text seems pretty boring and uncontroversial, you’d be wrong. Surprisingly, there is a very vocal faction of the design community that wants to see filler text banished to the original sources from whence it came. Perhaps not surprisingly, in an era of endless quibbling, there is an equally vocal contingent of designers leaping to defend the use of the time-honored tradition of greeking. The argument in favor of using filler text goes something like this: If you use real content in the design process, anytime you reach a review point you’ll end up reviewing and negotiating the content itself and not the design. This will just slow down the design process. Design first, with real content in mind (of course!), but don’t drop in the real content until the design is well on its way. Using filler text avoids the inevitable argumentation that accompanies the use of real content in the design process. Those opposed to using filler text of any sort counter by saying: The ultimate purpose of any digital product, whether a website, app, or HTML email, is to showcase real content, not to showcase great design. You can’t get a true sense for how your content plays with your design unless you use the real thing!  
  
C/O [https://placeholder.com/text/](https://placeholder.com/text/ "https://placeholder.com/text/")